Susu
Why are you here?
If I hadn't seen it with my own eyes
I didn't know you had a baby
Xiao Yi
Sent an application for admission to our school
It says that you and Xiao Yi are his parents
So that kid
It's really you and Xiao Yitou
Yes, that's right, you still want to lie to me
If he is Xiao Yi's child, why is his surname Jiang?
There is also a small one who is just 7 years old this year.
He is obviously Zhou Huaijin's child
If you don't tell the truth again
Don't talk about Xiaoli's admission, Soso
You guessed right
The younger brother is indeed Zhou Huajie's son
So your affair at the time was fake
Right?
Why did you do it?
The price reduction is gone.
I'm sick too
The test results are out
The patient forgets
My dad went to jail
Why is that?
My mom is so stupid
Mom, wake up
Mom
The company owes a lot of money
I have nothing.
Sorry doll
You don't even know that I've been misunderstanding you
I can't let him face this with me
I can't hold him back
Do you understand?
But he has everything now.
Why are you still hiding it from him? He's too late.
He is already engaged to Su Qiyu
Su Qiyu
More suitable for him than me
doll
Does it fit?
Did you ask Zhou to call the police?